To fix this deployment error, you need to configure Vercel to explicitly use the --legacy-peer-deps flag during the installation phase.

The error "Command npm install exited with 1" indicates that npm is failing, likely due to a conflict between the dependencies in your package.json.

How to Fix
Method 1: Use Vercel Project Settings (Recommended)
This is the cleanest approach as it doesn't require modifying your project files.

Log in to your Vercel Dashboard.

Select your project: cheetoss.

Go to Settings > General.

Scroll down to the Build & Development Settings section.

Find the Install Command field.

Override the default command by entering:

Bash
npm install --legacy-peer-deps
Click Save.

Go to the Deployments tab and Redeploy your latest commit.

Method 2: Use vercel.json
If you prefer to keep your configuration in the repository, create or update the vercel.json file in the root of your project:

JSON
{
  "installCommand": "npm install --legacy-peer-deps"
}
Commit and push this file to your GitHub repository to trigger a new deployment.

If it still fails:
If overriding the command doesn't work, the issue may be more specific than just peer dependency conflicts. Check these common culprits in your build logs:

Check the full log: Scroll up in the Vercel Build Logs from the point where it says "Error: Command 'npm install' exited with 1." Look for lines starting with npm error. These will often explicitly state why it failed (e.g., Invalid Version, network issue, or EBADENGINE).

Delete package-lock.json: Sometimes the lockfile becomes corrupted or contains references to local paths that don't exist on the Vercel build machine. Try deleting package-lock.json, running npm install locally to generate a fresh one, and pushing the new lockfile.

Node.js Version: Ensure the Node.js version used on Vercel matches your local environment. Go to Settings > General > Node.js Version in your Vercel project settings to verify.

Environment Variables: If your install script requires environment variables (e.g., for private npm registries), ensure they are set in Settings > Environment Variables.

Pro-tip: To reproduce the failure locally exactly as Vercel does, run vercel build in your terminal. This will simulate the Vercel environment and usually provides clearer error messages than a standard npm install.